Comes in we show the review of the mod at 1183
weak and the door now we too will go to that
since I will reduce this garbage here we like
mark any there and delivery just i don't
rejoice
cyst on damn you what kind of sticks and
some prison upstairs so here we have
still there are doors here are our favorite doors
here is this old door nowhere do not drive for
here are these new set 4
you are the five they are pretty we are now
leave lime color we need 6 file
wool and one stick and take as
make a sign here we have lime color
it turns out now wait here lime
the street it turns out to us here it is you worse
smart behind him the streets of this stick stick up and
hole.
we will show how to make astartes
i'm just forgetting when the stone slab
we will also need to take captivity 6
shelves from you want wood i take where
the door of any color I take acacia acacia
we first do
And this is a stand now right now
I'll make the same door and now it shows
acacia door least acacia and here's another
Our place is empty.
and that's what I said last time
it became fun
Well, if I just let it go, I'm all
show clan
subscribe to my channel and put Like
put your fingers up all by yourself
house